Welcome to USA TODAY NETWORK'S EUROPEAN UNION EXPERIENCE
   Felicity Huffman leaves the John J Moakley Federal
   Felicity Huffman pleads guilty, says she's 'ashamed'
   A judge blocked Trump's "Remain in Mexico" plan
   Families hoping to seek asylum in the United States wait on the bridge
   connecting Reynosa, Mexico, to Hidalgo, Texas, on March 15, 2019.
   A Secret Service officer mans his post on the roof of the White House
   is seen on October 29, 2008, in Washington, DC.
   Three U.S. troops, one contractor killed in Afghanistan
   Brazil women lose to Scotland 1-0, extending crisis
   Greg Giannini needed to get gas for his generator, because the lights
   were flickering at his home and he was afraid he was going to lose
   power. Even though he has four wheel drive, his car got stuck at the
   pumps and he was trying to dig out to get home as the blizzard swirled
   around him. He was stuck near North Gate Blvd. in Colorado Springs,
   Colorado, on Wednesday, March 13, 2019.
   Few thumbs down for Texas Tech's 'Guns Up'
   Texas Tech's mascot shows the "guns up" signal at a game this season.
   'Smallville' star Allison Mack pleads guilty in sex cult case
   Allison Mack leaves Federal court Tuesday, April 24,
   Jenna Bush Hager tears up during 'Today' debut
   Jenna Bush Hager and Hoda Kotb picture on Feb. 27, 2019.
   Gannett says MNG tie-up would have too much debt
   Baseball field set on fire in attempt to dry it
   Expert picks for Texas Tech-Virginia title game
   Final Four: Texas Tech Red Raiders guard Matt Mooney (13) falls to the
   court while Michigan State Spartans guard Cassius Winston (5) goes for
   A quarter of Trump's Cabinet are 'acting' officials
   President Donald Trump speaks at the National Republican Congressional
   Committee's annual spring dinner in Washington, April 2, 2019.
   'Tough to watch': Gymnast sustains devastating injury to both legs
   Auburn gymnast Samantha Cerio sustained devastating injuries to both
   Carrie Underwood pumped before performing
   Carrie Underwood welcomed her second child in January.
   Tiger Woods shot 65 in first Masters practice
   Tiger Woods and caddie Joe LaCava take part in a practice round at
   U.S. labels elite Iran military unit terror group
   Iran's Revolutionary Guard troops march in a military parade marking
   the 36th anniversary of Iraq's 1980 invasion of Iran. Photo: Sept. 21,
   17-year-old star hits No. 1 with debut album
   LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA - JANUARY 05: Billie Eilish attends the Sean
   Penn J/P HRO gala benefiting J/P Haitian Relief Organization and a
   coalition of disaster relief organizations at Wiltern Theatre on
   January 05, 2019 in Los Angeles, California. (Photo by Rich Fury/Getty
   Images) ORG XMIT: 775269689 ORIG FILE ID: 1090315150
   7 things you didn't know you could do with Gmail
   Trump's Secret Service and clearances: Our view
   Yujing Zhang, left, at her court hearing on April 8, 2019, in West Palm
   Rural America is not 'full'; we need immigrants
   Farm outside Creston, Iowa, on Sept. 8, 2016.
   Facts alone don't sway anti-vaxxers. So what does?
   Sarah Myriam of New Jersey holds her daughter Aliyah, 2, as they join
   activists opposed to vaccinations outside a Senate Health, Education,
   Labor and Pensions Committee hearing on the safety of vaccines on March
   New homeland security chief known for hard stance on immigration
   U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Kevin McAleenan
   (center) receives a briefing at the San Ysidro Port of Entry in San
   Buttigieg tells Pence that God made him gay
   Democratic presidential candidate Pete Buttigieg speaks at the LGBTQ
   Victory Fund National Champagne Brunch on April 7, 2019 in Washington.
