Welcome to USA TODAY NETWORK'S EUROPEAN UNION EXPERIENCE
   An accountant chewing on a pencil as he closely examines figures from
   Another tax complication is coming this year
   Actress Lori Loughlin, front, and husband, clothing
   Marine killed in Afghanistan was decorated NYC firefighter
   This undated photo, provided in New York, on April 9, 2019, shows Fire
   Department of New York firefighter Christopher Slutman. Slutman, a
   15-year member of the Fire Dept. of New York, was among three American
   service members killed by a roadside bomb in Afghanistan on Monday.
   Gymnast with gruesome leg injuries has surgery
   Auburn gymnast Samantha Cerio sustained devastating injuries to both
   AT&T turns on seven more 5G cities, total now 19
   How Ring plans to cut crime in your neighborhood
   Ring Chief Inventor Jamie Siminoff poses in his office with a Ring
   Doctor dragged off United flight speaks publicly for first time
   Virginia turns tables on stingy Texas Tech defense
   Texas Tech coach Chris Beard consoles guard Jarrett Culver after losing
   to Virginia in the 2019 NCAA tournament national title game.
   Booker to introduce slavery reparations bill
   U.S. Sen. Cory Booker, D-N.J., addresses a gathering during a campaign
   stop in Portsmouth, N.H., Saturday, Feb. 16, 2019.
   Vitamins won't help you live longer, new study says
   Vitamins and minerals can help you live longer, so long as they come
   from food instead of supplements, a study suggests.
   Barr says he'll reveal Mueller report 'within a week'
   Attorney General William Barr testifies before the House Appropriation
   subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies.
   Different kind of tears, police escort for UVA now
   Virginia Cavaliers players celebrate with the trophy after defeating
   the Texas Tech Red Raiders in the national championship game.
   'This may not be your typical blizzard': 200 million face weather mess
   Penza Lemba clears the snow off her vehicle on Jefferson Street in
   Lewiston, Maine, on Monday, April 8, 2019, as snow piled up overnight.
   While New England digs out from one storm, another snowstorm is bearing
   Flight goes dark, deploys oxygen masks in error
   FILE - In this Jan. 10, 2017 file photo, British Airways planes are
   parked at Heathrow Airport in London. ??British Airways will resume
   flights to Pakistan in June 2019, a decade after it suspended
   operations following bombing on the Marriott Hotel in Islamabad that
   killed dozens, an official of British Airways said in a statement,
   Tuesday Dec. 18. 2018. (AP Photo/Frank Augstein, File) ORG XMIT: ISL101
   USA TODAY Network to host food festival in 10 cities
   Martha Stewart will be making an appearance in Naples, Fla. where she
   will host a cooking demonstration and seminar.
   NYC declares measles emergency, blames 'fake science'
   Steve Sierzega receives a measles, mumps and rubella vaccine at the
   Rockland County Health Department in Pomona, New York, on March 27,
   Exclusive: How Pelosi is wrangling divided Dems
   Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi with Cathy Jenkins, the owner of
   Cathy's Kitchen in Ferguson, Mo. Rep. Lacy Clay, who represents
   'Game of Thrones' Easter eggs you might've missed
   O'Donnell regrets speaking out in 'View' tell-all
   Rosie O'Donnell attends the Season 8 premiere of "Game Of Thrones" on
   Don't discount danger of US measles outbreak
   A measles outbreak is spreading across a Washington county known for
   choosing not to vaccinate its children, and health officials have
   Trump: No plan to reinstate 'family separation'
   President Donald Trump attends a roundtable discussion about the
   Republican $1.5 trillion tax cut package he recently signed into law on
   Omar calls Jewish Stephen Miller 'white nationalist'
   Rep. Ilhan Omar, D-Minn., attends an address by NATO Secretary General
   Jens Stoltenberg at a joint session of Congress, on Capitol Hill in
   Woman lived 99 years not knowing her organs were in the wrong places
   Rose Marie Bentley, shown here in an undated photo near the end of her
   life, apparently lived 99 years without knowing she had a rare
   anatomical condition called situs inversus with levocardia.
   What does Trump's 'tougher direction' immigration plan look like?
   Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen resigned
   Olivia Jade works to trademark brand after scandal
   Lori Loughlin with her daughter Olivia Jade Giannulli, left, at the
   2019 "An Unforgettable Evening" in Beverly Hills, Calif. on Feb. 28,
   THE ROOKIE - "The Checklist" - Sergeant Gray informs
   3 Things to Know about immigration "crisis"
   President Donald Trump walks with Homeland Security
