   [2]Skip to content[3]Skip to site index
   Venezuela was already in crisis. Then the power went out.
   Abby Wambach's leadership lessons: Be the wolf.
   Adam Higginbotham talks about his new history of the Chernobyl
Live Updates: Netanyahu Is Poised for Victory
     * Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was in position to win a fourth
       consecutive term on Wednesday, with 94 percent of the votes
     * But the race was extremely tight, and his main rival, Benny Gantz,
       had also claimed victory, though he later tempered expectations.
   Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel appeared close to winning a
   fourth consecutive term, and his fifth overall, according to the latest
   results. Dan Balilty for The New York Times
   His likely re-election as prime minister attests to the starkly
   conservative vision of the nation's voters, our correspondent writes in
First-Ever Picture of a Black Hole Is Revealed
     * Images of the darkest entities in the cosmos have finally been
     * It was the first intimate look inside a violent phenomenon that has
       mystified astronomers for more than half a century.
   The first image of a black hole, from the galaxy Messier 87. Event
   Horizon Telescope Collaboration, via National Science Foundation
Live Updates: `Spying Did Occur' on Trump Campaign, Barr Says
     * Attorney General William P. Barr, appearing before Congress for a
       second day, said he would look into possible "spying" by American
     * He also signaled that he was open to sharing more information with
       lawmakers about the Mueller report than is released publicly.
Acting Chief of Staff Tries Letting Trump Be Trump
   Mick Mulvaney has taken a different approach from his two predecessors:
   He encourages the president's instincts.
No Longer an Outsider, Sanders Uses the Senate as a Launching Pad
     * When Senator Bernie Sanders reintroduces his Medicare for All Act
       today, he will do so as a Senate insider.
     * Democratic efforts to pull him into the fold have bolstered his
Would `Medicare for All' Save Billions or Cost Billions?
   We asked a handful of economists and think tanks to find out.
At the Friars Club, When the Laughter Stopped
   Financial ills and a federal investigation have led to discord at the
   115-year-old club, whose members have included entertainment industry
   For many decades, the Friars Club has operated as a fraternity for
   entertainers and is known for its roasts of celebrities. Jack Benny,
   center, was the guest of honor in 1970. From left are Johnny Carson,
   Alan King, Ed Sullivan, Dennis Day, Phil Harris, Mr. Benny, George
   Burns and Milton Berle. Everett Collection
The Problem With Putting a Price on the End of the World
   Economists have workable policy ideas for addressing climate change.
   David Leonhardt asks: But what if they're politically impossible?
   They both see the world's problems as opportunities to cement their
   Yes, he has many faults. But on the issues that matter most, he's a
Death By Stoning, Ordered From a 1,788-Room Palace
How Far Left Is Too Far Left for 2020 Democrats?
Congress to I.R.S.: Don't Even Think of Helping Taxpayers
Trump's Dangerous Obsession With the Markets
Trump Mocks Climate Change. That's a Key to Defeating Him.
Why I Am Stockpiling Insulin in My Fridge
`It's Going to Be the Image of the Revolution'
   A smartphone snap from the Sudanese protests has gone viral. What is it
   about this picture that makes it so powerful?
No Playoffs, No More Magic: Why the Lakers Fell Apart
   Nearly a year ago, Los Angeles upended the N.B.A. by signing LeBron
   James, with Magic Johnson engineering the deal. Now the team is ending
Charles Van Doren, Quiz Show Whiz Who Wasn't, Dies at 93
   A charismatic and well-pedigreed contestant, he confessed to Congress
   that his TV performances in the 1950s had been scandalously rigged.
   We'd like your thoughts on the New York Times home page
   experience.[57]Let us know what you think
   Azqo1rYDLgYhmTnSjPqw&gtm_preview=env-130&gtm_cookies_win=x
