   [2]Skip to content[3]Skip to site index
   Israel's election, through the eyes of a young Palestinian.
   Native American women are facing a crisis.
   Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
Trump Says He Is Considering Releasing Migrants in `Sanctuary Cities'
     * President Trump confirmed he is open to releasing immigrants
       apprehended at the border into mostly Democratic "sanctuary
     * Mr. Trump's words come despite his administration's contention a
       day earlier that the policy proposal was never seriously
   Asylum seekers board a bus in San Antonio after being released by
   Border Patrol agents. Callaghan O'Hare for The New York Times
How Big Business Is Hedging Against the Apocalypse
     * Investors are finally paying attention to climate change -- but not
     * Lacking a coherent American strategy, opportunists are stepping in
Julian Assange: A Foe of Secrecy Who Inspires Admiration and Fury
     * From his beginnings as a teenage hacker in Australia to his arrest
       this week in London, the WikiLeaks founder has been a deeply
     * He has helped empower whistle-blowers and disgruntled insiders, but
       has never been satisfied with the role of neutral provider of
The people need answers: What happened to Mr. Assange's cat?
Over 3 A.M. Dissent, Supreme Court Says Alabama Execution May Proceed
     * A divided Supreme Court ruled that an Alabama death row inmate's
       execution could proceed in a rare glimpse into ordinarily secret
     * The majority said that the inmate had waited too long to raise a
       claim that a lethal injection could subject him to excruciating
   "To proceed in this way calls into question the basic principles of
   fairness that should underlie our criminal justice system," Justice
   Stephen G. Breyer wrote in his dissent. T.J. Kirkpatrick for The New
Drivers Are Crucial to Uber's Success. But Some Are Barely Getting By.
     * Uber relies on millions of low-paid workers who are not eligible
       for benefits like paid vacations or stock options.
     * Its public offering will make many insiders remarkably rich. But
Here's how the rivals Uber and Lyft compare, in four charts.
`Clean' Chinese Food by White Restaurateur Prompts Outrage
     * The uproar over a restaurant in Manhattan has become the latest
       front in the debate over cultural appropriation.
     * Arielle Haspel defended her concept and menu, while acknowledging
   "We were never trying to do something against the Chinese community,"
   said Arielle Haspel, a co-owner of Lucky Lee's. Gabriella Angotti-Jones
   The digital world is not designed to keep women safe. New regulations
Don't Waste Your Happiest News on Facebook
   Before you post that baby bump or college acceptance letter online,
   remember how much fun it used to be to share in person.
We Are the Most Share-Crazy Humans in the History of the World
Join Kara Swisher in a Chat About Privacy
Is Assange's Arrest a Threat to the Free Press?
Brexit Heads for That Riveting Black Hole
Purity vs. Pragmatism, Environment vs. Health
   An unlikely art festival blooms in no man's land, like Burning Man and
   Coachella before it. But this one is different! Maybe.
   Copenhagen Zoo's new enclosure in the shape of the yin and yang symbol
   is expected to attract thousands of visitors. But critics say it
   signals an overly cozy relationship with China.
A Charity Accepts Uber Stock as Donations. Then Uses It to Pay Staff Bonuses.
   Entrepreneurs who own stakes in private companies can donate some of
   their equity to charity: water. The proceeds will eventually be paid
   We'd like your thoughts on the New York Times home page
   experience.[55]Let us know what you think
   Azqo1rYDLgYhmTnSjPqw&gtm_preview=env-130&gtm_cookies_win=x
