Welcome to USA TODAY NETWORK'S EUROPEAN UNION EXPERIENCE
   Wikileaks founder Julian Assange arrives at the Supreme Court in London
   in February 2012. Assange was arrested at the Ecuadorian Embassy in
   WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange arrested on US extradition request,
   Pence responds Pete Buttigieg's criticism: 'He knows me'
   United States Vice President Mike Pence holds a news briefing after
   addressing the United Nations Security Council on Venezuela, Wednesday
   Harry, Meghan will keep baby's birth 'private'
   Prince Harry and Duchess Meghan of Sussex at a Commonwealth Day Service
   at Westminster Abbey on March 11, 2019.
   No phones allowed at the Masters: Focus on golf
   Jack Nicklaus walks to the final hole during the Par 3 Contest at
   'Lizzie McGuire' star: I was 'forced' to look white
   Actress Lalaine arrives at Warner Music Group's 2007 Grammy Party on
   February 11, 2007 in Los Angeles, California.
   'I know what the truth is': JLo responds to cheating allegations
   Alex Rodriguez, left, and Jennifer Lopez arrive at the Oscars in Los
   Governor blames coach for NCAA tournament loss
   Kentucky Gov. Matt Bevin speaks about the upcoming legislative session
   at the Kentucky Chamber Day Dinner in Lexington, Ky., Thursday, Jan.
   10, 2019. (AP Photo/Timothy D. Easley)
   Loughlin's Hallmark show returns without her May 5
   Actress Lori Loughlin, front, and husband, clothing
   Trump signs orders to push oil, gas projects
   President Donald Trump talks with union workers before delivering
   remarks on executive orders on energy and infrastructure at the
   International Union of Operating Engineers International Training and
   Education Center in Crosby, Texas, on April 10, 2019.
   Sexy Easter mannequin display ruined, neighbor charged
   A Clifton dentist, Dr. Wayne Gangi, has placed no trespassing signs on
   his Grove Street property after a neighbor took down his admittedly
   Suspect arrested in Louisiana church fires
   Mt. Pleasant Baptist Church in St. Landry Parish damaged in a fire
   Treasury misses deadline to provide Trump's tax returns
   President Trump speaks to the media in the lobby of
   Sudanese officials say army forced president to step down
   In this file photo taken on Oct. 29, 2015 Sudan's President Omar
   al-Bashir reacts after addressing the India-Africa Forum Summit in New
   Sex trafficking sting at Final Four nets 58 arrests
   Minneapolis played host to the 2019 NCAA men's basketball Final Four.
   Why Augusta chairman chose amateur event over LPGA
   Jennifer Kupcho celebrates her victory at the Augusta National Women's
   This woman made the black hole picture possible
   Katie Bouman, a 2007 West Lafayette High School graduate, played a
   pivotal role in the first-ever photo of a black hole, revealed
   Wednesday, April 10, 2019. This is the status she posted on Facebook:
   "Watching in disbelief as the first image I ever made of a black hole
   was in the process of being reconstructed."
   School nurses often out as kids' needs grow
   Cahleana Wright, 14, visits with Melissa McCray, APRN-CNP nurse
   practitioner, at Children's Hospitals' clinic at South Avondale School
   in Cincinnati, Ohio, on Thursday, April 4, 2019. Cahleana had run out
   of her ADHD prescription and was in to see the doctor for her checkup.
   Oklahoma general lost job over charge of affair
   Retired Brig. Gen. Robbie Asher, former adjutant general of Oklahoma
   GOP's PENCIL resolution aims to oust Schiff
   Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fla., speaks during the House Judiciary Committee
   hearing on gun violence, at Capitol Hill in Washington, Feb. 6, 2019.
   What does 'white fragility mean? New words in dictionaries focus on
   FILE- In this Sunday, Aug. 29, 2010 file photo, an
   Weaken Trump with tough 2020 primary challenge
   Easter Playboy bunnies, Roomba burglar: News from around our 50 states
   The home at the corner of Robin Hood Rd. and Grove
   High school principal dies after bone marrow donation
   Westfield High School Principal Dr. Derrick Nelson.
   'If We Must Die': 100 years after Red Summer
   One Time Use National Guardsmen, called in by Mayor 'Big Bill' Thompson
   after three days of rioting, question an African American man in
   Chicago, 1919. The National Guard was able to restore order to the
   riot-torn city. (Photo by Jun Fujita/Chicago History Museum/Getty
   Noah: Swalwell presidential bid changes everything
