Welcome to USA TODAY NETWORK'S EUROPEAN UNION EXPERIENCE
   President Trump giving remarks at the Pentagon.
   Trump considers placing migrants in 'sanctuary cities'
   'Star Wars: Episode IX' gets a title - `The Rise of Skywalker'  - and a
   Unlike Luke Skywalker, Rey doesn't have aspirations
   Unruly flyer opens plane door, tries to jump onto the tarmac
   American Airlines has joined Delta and United in offering basic economy
   fares. The republic American Airlines has joined Delta and United in
   N.J. couple admit $4.5M food stamps fraud scheme
   Tiger prowls near top of Masters leaderboard
   'Game of Thrones': Every episode, ranked
   Peter Dinklage as Tyrion Lannister in "The Laws of Gods and Men"
   What's killing people at the Grand Canyon? Falls, heat and murder
   Sylvia Kadlubowski and Keanu Dirks descend along South
   Mick Jagger shares photo after reported surgery
   NANTERRE, FRANCE - OCTOBER 19: Mick Jagger of The Rolling Stones
   performs live on stage at U Arena on October 19, 2017 in Nanterre,
   France. (Photo by Brian Rasic/WireImage) ORG XMIT: 775059905 ORIG FILE
   NYC shop owner promotes 'clean' Chinese food
   A New York City restaurant owner is under fire for comments she made
   Clinton: Assange must 'answer' after arrest
   Former Secretary of State and presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on
   Stage during "An Evening With The Clintons" at Beacon Theatre on April
   Bed Bath & Beyond to close at least 40 stores
   At least 20 dead in Pakistan suicide bombing
   Family members of the blast victims comfort each other outside a
   mortuary in Quetta, Pakistan, Friday, April 12, 2019. A powerful bomb
   went off at an open-air market in the southwestern city of Quetta on
   Friday, police and hospital officials said.
   Explained: How laws are written by corps, groups
   Fallon: Extradite Assange to set of 'Queer Eye'
   Exclusive: Watch two 'Penguins' fall in love
   The interactive guide to the 2020 presidential candidates
   Spring blizzard wallops parts of Midwest with feet of snow. And, it's
   David Heinold walks his dog Max, a German Shepard lab mix, through the
   snow Thursday, April 11, 2019 in Sioux Falls, S.D. Heinold said Max is
   a very energetic dog and needs to be walked everyday despite what the
   weather is like. He said Max loves the snow so he isn't phased by the
   $33 billion oil deal: Chevron to buy Anadarko
   How to fight `scary' superbugs? Special soap
   Certified nursing assistant Cristina Zainos prepares a special wash
   New York Post rips Rep. Omar's 9/11 comments
   Rep. Ilhan Omar, D-Minn., speaks at a dinner banquet, part of a
   fundraising event for the Council of American-Islamic Relations of
   Greater Los Angeles at the Hilton hotel in Woodland Hills, California,
   Nipsey Hussle's brother gives heartbreaking eulogy
   Samiel Asghedom, the older brother of Nipsey Hussle, whose real name
   was Ermias Asghedom, speaks at Nipsey Hussle: A Celebration of Life, a
   three-hour memorial for the slain rapper at Staples Center on April 11,
   Buttigieg on Ellen: VP should change his mind
   In this photo released by Warner Bros., Pete Buttigieg appears during a
   shoot for "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" in Los Angeles.
   Investigator in death of S.C. fifth grader speaks out
   A memorial at the sign of Forest Hills Elementary School in Walterboro,
   S.C where Raniya Wright, the fifth-grader who died after a fight
   Postpartum depression drug isn't all moms need
   The author with her newborn son in Santa Barbara, California, in
   Chronicling the incredible rise of Giannis
   Giannis Antetokounmpo is comfortable flourishing in a small-market town
   'Game of Thrones' Season 8: Your complete guide
   We've missed seeing Jorah (Iain Glen) and Dany (Emilia Clarke)
