   [2]Skip to content[3]Skip to site index
   Benjamin Netanyahu won. The two-state solution lost.
   Abby Wambach's leadership lessons: Be the wolf.
   Adam Higginbotham talks about his new history of the Chernobyl
Julian Assange Arrested on U.S. Extradition Warrant, London Police Say
     * The WikiLeaks founder was arrested at the Ecuadorean Embassy in
       London, where he had lived since 2012.
     * The U.S. warrant raises the possibility that Mr. Assange could be
       sent there for trial on charges related to the publication of reams
From the archives: This is how the Trump administration stepped up its
   The WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange in 2017 on the balcony of the
   Ecuadorean Embassy in London. The Ecuadorean government said this March
   that it had cut off his internet access. Matt Dunham/Associated Press
Omar Hassan al-Bashir Is Removed as Sudan's President
     * The leader was forced out after months of protests. He is accused
       of war crimes and genocide against his own people.
     * Mr. al-Bashir has ruled Sudan longer than any leader since the
       country gained independence in 1956.
   A protest in Khartoum, Sudan, on Thursday demanding the resignation of
   President Omar Hassan al-Bashir. Agence France-Presse -- Getty Images
     * As companies and governments gain new powers to follow people
       across the internet and around the world, the boundaries of privacy
     * The Times is embarking on this months-long Opinion project to
       explore the technology and where it's taking us.
   Facial recognition technology is spreading fast, with alarming
When it comes to your privacy, where would you draw the line?
Ex-Obama Counsel Expects to Be Charged Soon in Mueller-Related Case
     * Gregory B. Craig may soon be indicted on charges related to his
       work for the Russia-aligned government of Ukraine, lawyers said.
     * Mr. Craig would become the first top Democrat to be charged in a
       case developed by the special counsel.
Here's what we might learn from President Trump's tax returns.
The National Enquirer Is for Sale, and a Deal Seems Near
     * The hedge funders who control American Media Inc., the tabloid's
       owner, are said to have grown uncomfortable after it was at the
       center of a federal investigation.
     * The Enquirer is likely to have a buyer in a matter of days,
       according to two people with direct knowledge of the matter.
At Nipsey Hussle's Memorial, Los Angeles Comes Together to Mourn
     * Thousands of mourners were expected to gather in Los Angeles today
       to honor the life of the Grammy-nominated rapper who was fatally
     * The two-hour service will begin at 10 a.m. local time and will be
       followed by a procession from the Staples Center through South Los
   The Marathon Clothing, where Nipsey Hussle was shot and killed, became
   a memorial for the rapper, who owned the store. Alex Welsh for The New
   Sure, electronic eyes are spying. But look at all this pocket computer
We Are the Most Share-Crazy Humans in the History of the World
   Dina Litovsky/Redux, for The New York Times
Climate Chaos Is Coming -- and the Pinkertons Are Ready
   As they see it, global warming stands to make corporate security as
   high-stakes in the 21st century as it was in the 19th.
Failing New York Subway? Once There Were Chandeliers
   New York's first subway station opened in 1904 with luxuries that
   today's subway riders can hardly imagine. Here's a look at the station
   The French port city is shedding much of its once-gritty reputation and
   emerging as a place where ambitious cultural and culinary offerings
   We'd like your thoughts on the New York Times home page
   experience.[52]Let us know what you think
   Azqo1rYDLgYhmTnSjPqw&gtm_preview=env-130&gtm_cookies_win=x
