   [2]Skip to content[3]Skip to site index
   Adam Higginbotham talks about his new history of the Chernobyl
   A deceptively simple way to find more happiness at work.
   Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes.
More Top Homeland Security Officials Set to Leave in Trump Purge
     * President Trump moved to sweep the department's top ranks, a day
       after pushing out its secretary, Kirstjen Nielsen.
     * Three more leaders were expected to leave, including the Secret
       Service director, in a housecleaning of immigration and security
   President Trump sought the resignation of the director of the Secret
   Service, in part because of the recent arrest of a Chinese woman at the
   Mar-a-Lago resort. Doug Mills/The New York Times
Mr. Trump has pushed aides for months to restart the practice of separating
immigrant parents and children at the border.
The woman from China who gained entry to Mar-a-Lago had a device used to
detect hidden cameras, a prosecutor said.
   President Trump sought the resignation of the director of the Secret
   Service, in part because of the recent arrest of a Chinese woman at the
   Mar-a-Lago resort. Doug Mills/The New York Times
Trump Designates Iran's Revolutionary Guard Corps a Terrorist Group
     * President Trump's action is the first time the United States has
       named a part of another nation's government at that threat level.
     * Top Pentagon and C.I.A. officials opposed the designation, which
       they argued would allow hardline Iranian officials to justify
       deadly operations against Americans.
Felicity Huffman to Plead Guilty in College Admissions Scandal
     * The actress is the best-known figure to admit wrongdoing in the
       investigation, which found faked test scores, phony athletic
     * Prosecutors said that 12 other parents and one coach had also
       agreed to plead guilty in the case.
   Felicity Huffman left a federal court hearing in Boston earlier this
   month. Sarah Rice for The New York Times
An Olympic Cyclist Seemed Destined for Glory. Why Did She Kill Herself?
   Kelly Catlin was lining up for a shot at gold. And her mathematical
   mind would open job opportunities off the track. But torment lurked
   Kelly Catlin, a three-time world champion track cyclist, seemed
   destined to be a star on the American team at the 2020 Olympic Games in
With `Unplanned,' Abortion Opponents Turn Toward Hollywood
   The makers of the divisive anti-abortion movie -- a word-of-mouth hit
   that a physician called misleading -- say they've been shunned by
A Rail Journey Into the Horn of Africa's Past, and Future
   A new train from the Ethiopian capital to the Djibouti coast offers a
   desert journey into parts of East Africa that have been off the tourist
   A forest of pinnacles near Lake Abbé. Marcus Westberg for The New York
   The tax cut fizzled; send in the clowns!
   Kirstjen Nielsen is the latest one out of the president's spiraling
   cabinet who expressed his cruelty but wouldn't go as far as he wanted.
To Reform the Police, Target Their Union Contract
Kirstjen Nielsen Enforced Cruelty at the Border. Her Replacement Could Be
   Here is our obsessive run-up to the final season, which will begin on
Arabic-Speaking TV Host Wades Into Germany's Culture Wars
   Jafaar Abdul Karim is not afraid to take on issues that many Muslim
   refugees in the country consider taboo. And, yes, he has had death
`I Really Just Wanted the Comfort of My Husband's Being There'
   Asking for flowers before surgery, help hailing a cab on East Houston
   Street and more reader tales of New York City in this week's
   We'd like your thoughts on the New York Times home page
   experience.[59]Let us know what you think
   Azqo1rYDLgYhmTnSjPqw&gtm_preview=env-130&gtm_cookies_win=x
